Lick it clean
You misunderstood.
Come on
I am afraid that your counterfeit will easily dirty my precious sword
Second, it is counterfeit without a blade
Just scabbard
i
I grab
Trash bring me something to roll
That
The competition will start soon.
I'm not going with you. Fire skills, boy
Better not make me look at you. Listen. No
you
Let's go
You go and inform my father
I'll be right in. Okay.
Then I'll take this bag for Miss
I heard that you are also here to participate in the competition to recruit relatives
Who the hell are you?
Ten years ago.
Next week, the leaders of the three major families will be injured in order to break
Go to Xuanji Gate to meet the Xuanji old man and ask to break the evil
This matter
Miss customer still remember
You are really delusional now
And I'm the stupid one
You are my wrong loyalty, what are you?